https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aUuLqa8TZZQ - Rasputin by Boney M.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1BNG0YXOWd4 - Wellerman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3zLNMJcerU0 - Drunken Sailor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2kZyW1KCQ04 - No Diggity by Dr. Dre
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDYvp4PU_9c - California Love by 2Pac
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tpyPUmxp6Kk - Next Episode by Dr. Dre
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WM6FwK-xRAA - Without Me by Eminem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A2RR6-7Kf0M - Lose Yourself by Eminem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ybrGQ1sf5HI - Gangsta's Paradise by Coolio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FypkP4xTcXw - I Want You Back by The Jackson 5
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqZR0LYyKJ4 - Thriller by Michael Jackson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MbI76V75Qy8 - ABC by The Jackson 5
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqQvT74EHss - Don't Stop Me Now by Queen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jx2WZpO_rFw - Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ky2afaDGkUM - The Show Must Go On by Queen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQPBzBHxOZI - I Want To Break Free by Queen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SA-m3dr5WBk - Somebody To Love by Queen
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQ4R30OhEAE - Africa by Toto
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=at5gEjJ7Acs - Come And Get Your Love by Redbone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6GiTNwlMGnI - Hey Soul Sister
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pPie95kDikI - Still D.R.E. by Dr. D.R.E.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O3Hy1FBes4o - In Da Club by 50 Cent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bCB-PxEN2pc - Forgot about D.R.E.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82iKJDnbkeI - Mr. Blue Sky
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DSg_XciZx7w - Creep by Radiohead
